README.mdを更新 (#182)
MLShukai/pamiq-core: README.md

[![Python 3.12+](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.12+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Document Style](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20docstyle-google-3666d6.svg)](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html#s3.8-comments-and-docstrings)
[![Lint & Format / Tests / Type Check](https://github.com/MLShukai/pamiq-core/actions/workflows/main.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/MLShukai/pamiq-core/actions/workflows/main.yaml)

**pamiq-core** is a framework for building autonomous AI agents with real-time adaptive learning capabilities. Developed for P-AMI\<Q>, it enables concurrent inference and learning, allowing agents to adapt continuously during interaction with their environment.

## ✨ Features

- 🔄 **Parallel Architecture**: Simultaneous inference and training in separate threads
- ⚡ **Real-time Adaptation**: Continuously update models during operation
- 🧵 **Thread-safe Design**: Robust synchronization mechanisms for parameter sharing and data transfers.
- 🔌 **Modular Components**: Easy-to-extend agent, environment, and model interfaces

> - 🧩 **Flexible Integration**: Compatible with PyTorch and other ML backends

Reviewer: まだPytorch以外には対応してなくない？将来的にいろんなフレームワークに対応させる予定があることを別な箇所で明記する方がよさそう
```suggestion
```

interaction = Interaction(YourAgent(), YourEnvironment())

# Launch the system
launch(
    interaction=interaction,
    models=your_models,
    data=your_data_buffers,
    trainers=your_trainers,
    config=LaunchConfig(
        web_api_address=("localhost", 8391),
        max_uptime=300.0  # 5 minutes
    )
)
```

See the [samples](samples/) directory for complete examples.

### Remote CLI Control

Once the system is running, you can connect and control it remotely via the terminal using `pamiq-console`:

```bash
# Connect to local system
pamiq-console --host localhost --port 8391

# Connect to remote system
pamiq-console --host 192.168.1.100 --port 8391
```

## 📚 Documentation

For comprehensive API documentation and detailed tutorials, please visit the [documentation website](https://pamiq-core.readthedocs.io/) \[Coming Soon\].

## 🧩 Architecture

![PAMIQ System Architecture](docs/images/system-architecture.png)

pamiq-core implements a unique architecture that enables true autonomous intelligence:

1. **Concurrent Threads**: Separate threads for control, inference, and training
2. **Shared Parameter Space**: Thread-safe model parameter synchronization

> 3. **Experience Collection**: Automatic buffering of interaction data

Reviewer: interaction dataというよりはenvironmentから取得されたデータを指してそう？
```suggestion
3. **Experience Collection**: Automatic buffering of data from environments, such as images and audio.
```
